== README

How does your system work?
When the system is first initialized, it only saves the filename as an instance of 'line.' When a client requests a line number, the '.get_line(index)' method calls 'File.readlines' on the text file and picks the requested line. The line is then returned to the controller to be parsed into JSON and sent to the client. If the line number doesn't exist, the controller responds with a short message and an HTTP 413 status. Enter 'bash build.sh' to begin, and view the results on localhost:3000/lines/#{index}.

How will your system perform with a 1GB file? a 10GB file? a 100GB file?
The API should perform well regardless of how large the text file is. For testing purposes, I used a small text file of Star Wars quotes. As I only committed the file name to memory, the seed process was nearly instantaneous.

How will your system perform with 100 users? 10,000 users? 100,000 users?
Because this system doesn't store the whole file, it should do fairly well with large files. However, as the user count increases, the system would likely need help from more machines. 

What documentation, websites, papers, etc did you consult in doing this assignment?
http://guides.rubyonrails.org/getting_started.html
http://guides.rubyonrails.org/v3.2.8/action_controller_overview.html
https://github.com/rails-api/rails-api
https://github.com/rails/spring
http://stackoverflow.com (lots of this)

What third-party libraries or other tool does the system use? How did you choose each library or framework you used?
I went with a Rails framework, because that's what I'm the most comfortable with, although I have worked with Sinatra in the past. I chose Unicorn for my web server because of its task delegation (so requests don't pile up), speed, and the fact that it kills a process if it takes too long or if memory issues occur. I also thought it would be fun to try out.

How long did you spend on this exercise? If you had unlimited more time to spend on this, how would you spend it and how would you prioritize each item?
I spent 4-5 hours building this exercise, and 10+ hours researching and revisiting a few key ruby and rails concepts.  I'm interested in looking into other ways to store the text files, as well as another way to seed the database. I initially thought to iterate through each line and saving it to the database, but realized that wouldn't really scale well for large files. My next idea was to save each line and its index as a hash, but again, I'm not sure that would've worked for larger files. I then went with my current idea of saving only the filename. With more time, I'd look into AWS storage, and calling the file from there. Along with some future spec tests, I would also put some effort into styling the views for a better user experience. Potentially, I'd also explore other items besides text files, such as weather forecasts, music, and stock quotes. 

If you were to critique your code, what would you have to say about it?
I think my code is pretty readable, but I'm sure there are less complicated and more scalable ways to do this. I'd have to do some more research into it.
